README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @fredrickwampamba
- 👀 I’m interested in programming concepts 👨‍💻 and source code management
- 🌱 I’m a web developer and Android application developer


- 📫 How to reach me ...
```
Reach me through my Whatsapp
You call or text me to get in touch
```
<a href="https://wa.me/256702718025">Whatsapp Me</a>
<br>
<a href="tel:256702718025">Call / Text Me  +256 702718025</a>

I have worked for the following companies 
- 🏨 ISISOFT Technologies Limited
- 🏨 Abercom Technologies Limited
- 🏨 Computing Palace Technologies Limted
- 🏨 Codium Technologies Limted

My sample work or projects i have developed alone
- 🌐 https://billing.telekonet.co.ug/ -->> 🌐 https://telespot.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://earthlivingvolunteers.org/
- 🌐 https://application.kampalapolytechnicmengo.ac.ug/
- 🌐 https://track.fullminelogistics.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://system.kessd.org/
- 🌐 https://agripoint.ug/
- 🌐 https://rjtbuilders.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://afrisold.com/
- 🌐 https://sallytraders.com/
- 🌐 https://africahopecharity.org/
- 🌐 https://admin.tech4her.org/
- 🌐 https://skilling.tech4her.org/
- 🌐 https://invaluablez.com/
- 🌐 https://codiumtechnologies.com/
- 🌐 https://braptcommunications.net
<!---
fredrickwampamba/fredrickwampamba is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

New information
More websites and information updates on afrisold

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @fredrickwampamba
- 👀 I’m interested in programming concepts 👨‍💻 and source code management
- 🌱 I’m a web developer and Android application developer


- 📫 How to reach me ...
```
Reach me through my Whatsapp
You call or text me to get in touch
```
<a href="https://wa.me/256702718025">Whatsapp Me</a>
<br>
<a href="tel:256702718025">Call / Text Me  +256 702718025</a>

I have worked for the following companies 
- 🏨 ISISOFT Technologies Limited
- 🏨 Abercom Technologies Limited
- 🏨 Computing Palace Technologies Limted
- 🏨 Codium Technologies Limted

Major Contributor to Afrisold 🌐 https://afrisold.com/ *Soul Contributor to Source code and planning*

My sample work or projects i have developed alone
- 🌐 https://billing.telekonet.co.ug/ -->> 🌐 https://telespot.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://earthlivingvolunteers.org/
- 🌐 https://application.kampalapolytechnicmengo.ac.ug/
- 🌐 https://track.fullminelogistics.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://system.kessd.org/
- 🌐 https://agripoint.ug/
- 🌐 https://rjtbuilders.co.ug/
- 🌐 https://afrisold.com/
- 🌐 https://sallytraders.com/
- 🌐 https://africahopecharity.org/
- 🌐 https://admin.tech4her.org/
- 🌐 https://skilling.tech4her.org/
- 🌐 https://invaluablez.com/
- 🌐 https://codiumtechnologies.com/
- 🌐 https://braptcommunications.net/
- 🌐 https://jopeempos.com/
- 🌐 https://campdavidlounge.com/
- 🌐 https://tarawapos.com/
- 🌐 https://silverdreamspos.com/
- 🌐 https://veegallery.ug/
<!---
fredrickwampamba/fredrickwampamba is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
